The Rorschach Inkblot test
In a nutshell, you tell your shrink what kinda crazy *Bleep* You see in these random
inkblot cards and then they determine whether or not you're suited for a padded room and straight jacket
Today, we're taking this psycho test and adding a little bit of crazy to our closet
First up, grab an old white t-shirt and a piece of cardboard large enough to fit inside of it
Take a knife or an Exacto blade and make a small slit down the middle of the cardboard
Not all the way through, just enough to allow it to easily bend in half
Then insert the cardboard inside the shirt and grab some fabric paint
I'm going with traditional black
On one half of the shirt drip and drag your paint to your liking. This is the time for you to get creative
Fold the shirt over in half and press down firmly from top to bottom
Unfold it and you've got yourself your first print
Then, either leave it for a few hours to dry or blow dry on high heat for a few minutes in order to
set it. I did some more paint once it was dry and repeated this process a couple more times until i got
my desired pattern
Because this was so easy, I made a couple more, this one turned out awesome.
Corrine says that she sees a Killer Queen Bee with headphones on.
Interesting...
And I see an evil clown with spider legs
Hmm
Let us know what you see in the comments below, 'cause the craziest interpretation will
win this shirt
I grabbed an old long sleeved work shirt from Goodwill the other day, $1.99, sweet
I thought it would be cool to do just the pocket, which is looking kinda rad.
You could also do just the collar and the sleeve cuffs, maybe not all of them together, but you get the idea
Be creative
These shirts turned heads the second I stepped out onto the street with em, and they literally
took me lees than 10 minutes to make
Not to mention, they make great conversation starters
Something like, "Wow, that's a really awesome shirt, Where'd you get it?"
Oh this? I totally made it myself
What? That's crazy
Want more awesome DIY?
Push that big red button to subscribe.
Come on, you know you want to push it. So..shiny..and..red and..subscribey